Name: Garn
Caste: Zenith
Motivation: Liberation and prosperity for the downtrodden, starting with your followers.

Attributes: (8/6/4 above base of 1 in each)
	Physical: (8)
		Strength: 3
		Dexterity: 4
		Stamina: 4
	Social: (4)
		Charisma: 3
		Manipulation: 2
		Appearance: 2
	Mental: (6)
		Perception: 4
		Intelligence: 2
		Wits: 3

Abilities: (pick 5 Favored; 10 ranks in Caste & Favored, 18 in any, none above 3; 3 bonus spent)
	Dawn:
		Archery (F): 4
			Specialty: Long Bows
		Melee: 2
		War (F): 3
	Zenith:
		Integrity: 1
		Presence: 2
		Resistance: 2
		Survival: 5
	Twilight:
		Craft (Wood): 2
		Medicine: 1
	Night:
		Athletics (F): 2
		Awarness (F): 2
		Dodge (F): 3
		Stealth: 2
			Specialty: In Wilderness Areas
	Eclipse:
		

Backgrounds: (7, none above 3)
	Cult: 1
	Followers: 3
	Resources: 3

Charms: (5 Caste & Favored, 5 any; 1 for bonus)
	Dawn:
		Archery: (min A4, E3)
			Essence Overwhelming
			Infinite Mastery
		War: (min W3, E3)
			Essence Triumphant
			Mob-Dispersing Rebuke
			Fury Inciting Presence
	Zenith:
		Resistance:
			Ox-Body Technique
				-Choosing one extra -1 level and two extra -2 levels.
		Survival: (min S5, E3)
			Essence Triumphant
			Food-Gathering Exercise
			Trackless Region Navigation
			Unshakeable Bloodhound Technique
			Traceless Passage

Virtues: (5 above 1 in each, none above 4)
	Compassion: 2
	Conviction: 3
	Temperance: 1
	Valor:		3
		Conviction is primary and your flaw is:
		Heart of Flint
		-----------------
		The character’s heart hardens to all emotion. He feels and expresses no emotions: not robotic, but lacking all empathy and feeling. The character considers only efficiency in choosing his course of action, and his reduced tact imposes a two-die penalty on all Social rolls involving face-to-face interactions.
		"Nature can be hard, and so to must we, for the great goal. . ."

Intimacies: (equal to compassion, though you can defer the choice of some until play)
	

Willpower: 6 (Sum of two highest virtues; _bonus_ can't increase above 8, only virtues)

Essence: 3 (2+1 for bonus)
Essence Pool:
	Personal:	15 (Essence*3+Willpower)
	Peripheral:	36 (Essence*7+Willpower+(sum of Virtues))

Movement:
	

Bonus points (15)
	7	Essence 3
	2	Survival 4 & 5
	1	Archery 4
	4	Ox-Body Technique
	1 	Long Bow and In Wilderness Areas specialties

Character Description and Background:
	-Appearance:
		-You're a tall, thin man with sun-bronzed skin, dark hair, and a full but short beard.
		-You generally dress in well made and well worn buckskin traveling clothes, often along
		 with a hooded traveler's cloak.
	-You were called up to war, with your friends and neighbors, from your home village in The
	 Hundred Kingdoms, a fractious corner of The Scavenger Lands.
		-Like the rest of them, you had trained in the arts of war, particularly archery, since you
		 were a boy, in preparation for a peasant levy like this.
	-The campaign was a disaster.
		-The unit you were attached to broke and reformed many times, its remnants merged repeatedly
		 with similar groups, and soon you found yourself fighting alone among strangers.
	-When the army you were part of was routed, you made a long, torturous trip through the
	 wilderness home, living off the land.
	-When you got home, you found your village had been razed, perhaps in the war you fought in, or
	 perhaps in some other conflict.
	-You managed to find a few old neighbors, living rudely in the forest nearby, but the
	 designs on the banners and shields of those who burned their homes had meant little to them.
		-Same with the other groups that had since passed, making them fearful to return home.
	-You rallied them and other, similarly displaced people in the area to your side, helping them
	 search for supplies missed in the ruins and to forage for other food.
		-In time, a few of those who went to war with you even found their own ways back. Too few.
	-It was at this time that your Exaltation came.
		-And with it, a vision of The Unconquered Sun, leading a seemingly endless host of people.
			-Looking closer, it was in fact comprised of many smaller groups, each led by a shining
			 individual. One of the shining ones was you, with your friends at your back!
		-With this, the uncomfortable degree of obsequiousness your followers were beginning to show
		 became even more pronounced, and began to turn into worship.
			-You're even more uncomfortable with that last, though you must admit it's both making
			 guiding your followers somewhat easier and also evoking a powerful feeling within your
			 heart.
	-Eventually, it was no longer safe to remain in the area surrounding your former home.
		-Military units continued to pass through the area, and there had been more raids on other
		 villages nearby.
		-Word was also beginning to spread about the people living in the forest.
			-And, even worse, about the shining being that leads them. . .
	-You led your group through the wilderness and away from your homeland, keeping on the move for
	 safety, new forage, and new opportunities.
	-Your Backgrounds are all intertwined, representing the group of people that follow you,
	 some of whom worship you, and the traveling supplies and trade goods the group brings with
	 it where ever it goes.
		-They're drawn from refugees, the downtrodden, and escaped slaves. Even some people from
		 your long-gone home village still walk at your side.
		-They largely rely on foraging with your guidance to eat, but that also brings in valuable
		 plants, hides, and other resources.
			-That, along with odd jobs performed by your followers and some amount of trading as
			 you all travel from place to place, makes up your Resources.
		-They tend to share your general skill set, and many are similarly armed.
			-Partly, that's because many share a similar background to you, and partly that's
			 because you're actively training them to survive the same way you've learned to.

Equipment:
	-Fine Long Bow
		-Choosing +1 damage for Fine.
	-Arrows
		-An assortment of each type.
	-Fine Short Spear
		-Choosing +1 damage for Fine.
	-Fine Chain Shirt
		-Soak of 4L/2B as a result of Fine.

Advancement:
	-You want to eventually get to Tiger Warrior Training Technique, and begin turning your
	 followers into elite guerilla fighters.
	-Tentative schedule:





-Original Charm brainstorming:
	Charms: (5 Caste & Favored, 5 any)
		Dawn:
			Archery: (min A4, E3)
				Essence Triumphant
				Infininite Mastery
			War: (min W4, E4)
				Essence Triumphant
				Rout-Stemming Gesture
				Mob-Dispersing Rebuke
				Fury Inciting Presence
				Heroism-Encouraging Presence
				Tiger Warrior Training Technique
		Zenith:
			Resistance:
				Ox-Body Technique?
					-Multiple times? What health level choices?
			Survival: (min S5, E3)
				Essence Triumphant
				Food-Gathering Exercise
				Trackless Region Navigation
				Unshakeable Bloodhound Technique
				Traceless Passage
				Eye-Deceiving Camouflage?
		Twilight:
			Lore: (min L5, E3 or E4)
				ANY TWO EXCELLENCIES?
				Immanent Solar Glory?
				Harmonious Academic Methodology?
				Legenary Scholar Curriculum?
			Medicine: (min M3, E2)
				ANY EXCELLENCY?
				Wound-Mending Care Technique?
			Occult:
				Terrestrial Circle Sorcery?
		Sorcery:
			Emerald Countermagic?
			Impenetrable Frost Barrier?
			Stormwind Rider?
			Wood Dragon's Claw?