Name: 
Caste: Dawn
Motivation: To restore the glories of The First Age, and the glorious rule of The Solar Exalted,
			for all the peoples of the world, at this, the dawning of a new age.

Attributes: (8/6/4 above base of 1 in each)
	Physical: (8)
		Strength: 4
		Dexterity: 4
		Stamina: 3
	Social: (4)
		Charisma: 3
		Manipulation: 2
		Appearance: 2
	Mental: (6)
		Perception: 3
		Intelligence: 3
		Wits: 3

Abilities: (10 Caste & Favored, 18 any, none above 3)
	Dawn:
		Martial Arts: 5
			Specialty: Fighting Unarmed
		War: 2
	Zenith:
		Integrity: 3
		Presence: 3
		Resistance (F): 3
	Twilight:
		Lore: 1
		Occult (F): 3
	Night:
		Athletics (F): 3
		Awareness (F): 3
		Dodge (F): 3
			Specialty: When Unarmed
	Eclipse:
		Linguistics: 1
			-Old Realm
		

Backgrounds: (7, none above 3)
	Artifact: 2
		-Orichalum Hearthstone Bracers, increasing the damage of all attacks by 2 dice when warn.
	Cult: 1
	Followers: 2
	Manse: 4
		-A level 4 Manse.
		-Seven Leaping Dragon Stone (Core pg. 384), granting 4 extra dice to any Martial Arts roll.
	Resources: 2

Charms: (5 Caste & Favored, 5 any)
	Dawn:
		Martial Arts:
			Striking Cobra Technique
			Serpentine Evasion
			Snake Form
			Essence Fangs and Scales Technique
	Zenith:
		Resistance:
			Ox-Body Technique
				-Choosing one extra -1 level and two extra -2 levels.
	Twilight:
		Occult:
			Terrestrial Circle Sorcery
	Sorcery:
		Terrestrial Circle:
			Emerald Countermagic
			Invulnerable Skin of Bronze
			Stormwind Rider
			Wood Dragon's Claw

Virtues: (5 above 1 in each, none above 4)
	Compassion: 1
	Conviction: 3
	Temperance: 1
	Valor:		4

Intimacies: (equal to compassion, though you can defer the choice of some until play)
	-The monastary and it's order are the only home you've ever really known, and it is very dear
	 to you. You may lament their foibles, but that doesn't change that they're home and family to
	 you.

Willpower: 7 (Sum of two highest virtues)

Essence: 3 (2+1 for bonus points spent)
Essence Pool:
	Personal:	16 (Essence*3+Willpower)
	Peripheral:	37 (Essence*7+Willpower+(sum of Virtues))

Movement:
	

Bonus points (15)
	7	Essence 3
	2	Manse 4
	2	Artifact 1 & 2
	2	Martial Arts 4 & 5
	1	2 Specialties
	1	Cult 1

Character Description and Background:
	-Appearance:
		-
	-You are the reincarnation of The Dragon of the Dawn, the former owner of your manse, prophecied
	 to be reborn amongst the monks of your ancient order that dwell within it.
		-Well, you're at least the first of the monks or their young trainees to Exalt, fulfilling
		 the prophecy.
	-Your manse stands in a hidden vale, known only to the monks of your (now _your_) order, few of
	 whom ever leave.
	-You grew up in it's ornate halls, yet another foundling taken in and raised to become one of
	 the monks.
		-When your Exaltation came as a teenager, you went from expectations of humbleness to the
		 venerated center of attention, heir to the manse, it's treasures, and the service of the
		 order of monks.
			-Good opportunity for roleplay. When stressed, you can fall back into old patterns.
				-Maybe how you refer to yourself? Normally "I", but sometimes falling back into
				 "This one"?
		-After that, your education continued to focus on martial arts and occult secrets, but the
		 specifics changed dramatically. Ancient tomes, painstakingly copied again and again over
		 the centuries, were brought forth and you learned the techniques of the Solar Exalted.
		-Your teachers, once harsh authority figures, were now obsequious but no less infuriating,
		 as you underwent a sorcerous initiation prescribed many centuries ago by your predecessor.
	-Your sorcerous initiation:
		-Sacrifice? Some link to your past, before being adopted into the order?
			-Jeeze, maybe your memories of whatever past he had before child-monk adoption?
				-"I gave up _my mother's face!_"
	-Eventually, your long education reached it's conclusion, and your life was, for the very first
	 time, your own.
		-You're also in possession a powerful manse, it's centuries-dwindled treasures, and a small
		 order of monks trained in martial arts and thaumaturgy, ready now to once again participate
		 in the world at large, with their master's return.
			-The reopening of the manse, according to instructions laid down more than a millennium
			 ago, was a sight to behold. You had _thought_ the manse ornate, as compared to the rude
			 out-buildings constructed around it over the centuries, and so it was, compared to what
			 you've now seen of the world away from it. The monks pulled down it's fine wood
			 paneling, though, to reveal great murals alongside carved and gilded stone work, all
			 depicting The Unconquered Sun and his Solar Exalts.
			-Weirdly, as soon as you came into your inheritance in full, some of the monks requested
			 your permission to marry one another. Apparently the order had not been intended to be
			 celebate, but rather forbade sex outside of marriages sanctioned by The Dragon.
				-You kind of get the impression that your predecessor didn't intend to be gone this
				 long. . .
		-Or, perhaps not _all_ of it's treasures. You reached the end of your prescribed education
		 period, but there are a few areas of the manse that no one goes, forbidden to the order,
		 and you as well.
			-Carved warnings stand at the entrances, speaking of grave danger to all who enter, but
			 also of signs and portents that will indicate that The Dragon of the Dawn should now
			 venture within. The monks claim that all who have ever violated the warning and entered
			 were never seen again. . .
	-Manse construction?!?
		-https://discord.com/channels/@me/772891797726822481/829200091176763442

Equipment:
	-Fine Buff Jacket
		-Soak of 4L/5B as a result of Fine.
	-A Hooded Cloak
		-It is often wise to hide the sorcerous tranfromation of your body.

Advancement:
	-
	-Tentative schedule: