Name: 
Archetype: Savant
Profession: Thaumaturge
Motivation: 

Attributes: (6/4/3 above base of 1 in each)
	Physical: (3)
		Strength: 1 (-1 for Experienced)
		Dexterity: 2
		Stamina: 2
	Social: (4)
		Charisma: 2
		Manipulation: 3
		Appearance: 1 (-1 for Experienced)
	Mental: (6)
		Perception: 2
		Intelligence: 4
		Wits: 2

Abilities: (25 dots, none above 3, plus 1 more free in 3 different Profession Abilities, and 10 more from Experienced)
	Dawn:
		Martial Arts: 1
	Zenith:
		Integrity: 4
		Performance: 1
		Presence: 4
		Resistance: 1
	Twilight:
		Craft (Water): 3
		Investigation: 3
		Lore: 5
		Medicine: 3
		Occult (F): 5
			Specialty: 2 x Thaumaturgy
	Night:
		Athletics: 
		Awareness: 
		Dodge: 1
		Larceny: 
		Stealth: 
	Eclipse:
		Bureaucracy: 4
		Linguistics: 1
			-Old Realm
		Socialize: 2
		

Backgrounds: (5, none above 3)
	Backing? Illimination?
		-Which ever, and how much, of the two are appropriate for a Cult of the Illuminated Priest.
	Contacts? Spies? Representing Cult connections.
		-Contacts are probably a better fit than Spies. Cult is shady, but the background beyond 1
		 mostly spreads out over an area, which the cell-structured Cult doesn't really fit.
	Influence? With The Cult.
	Followers or Retainers? Allies? Again, all in The Cult.
	Resources?
		-Probably not appropriate if supported by some mix of Cult and Garn.
		-Though it seems like the Cult encourages bringing in money if you can? He's had time to
		 establish himself in Nexus.
	

Thaumaturgical Rituals:
	-

Virtues: (5 above 1 in each, none above 4)
	Compassion: 1
	Conviction: 4
	Temperance: 2
	Valor:		2

Intimacies: (equal to compassion, though you can defer the choice of some until play)
	-


Willpower: 7 (Sum of two highest virtues, plus one for bonus points spent)
	Recovery:
		Conviction roll each morning

Essence: 1
	

Movement:
	

Merits & Flaws:
	Experienced (2 pt. Merit, Scroll of Heroes pg. 53)
		-One less Strength and Appearance for 10 ability dots, representing a 62-year-old man.


Bonus points (21 - 2 for Merits)
	12	1st, 2nd, and 3rd Degrees of the Thaumaturgical Art of Alchemy
	4	1st Degree of the Thaumaturgical Art of Warding and Exorcism
	1	Thaumaturgy Occult Specialties (2 for 1, due to Favored)
	2	Willpower 7
			Swap this for more backgrounds?


Flavor stuff:
	


Initial planning:
	-Attractive professions:
		-Monk, of course.
		-Scholar or Thaumaturge?
			-More likely the latter. Read up on Thaumaturgy again.
	-Potential flavor stuff:
		-Not in cult (saw Garn's flaws), but enthusiastic convert of Cult (which provided
		 major confirmation and broader target of worship), only to find that Garn _did_
		 stand out from even the Shining pack.
			-Sidereal opinion of this? Sidereal _influence_, showing Garn The Cult can
			 convert his old, scornful teacher?
	-Potential Merits and Flaws:
		-Eidetic Memory (3 pt. Merit, Scroll of Heroes pg. 52)
		-Experienced (1-3 pt. Merit, Scroll of Heroes pg. 53)
			-Trades one bonus point and one attribute point for five ability dots.
			-Attribute dots are 4 bonus points, and Abilities 1 or 2 each, depending on Favored.
			-With Amalgam, Attributes are 2 motes and Abilities 1.
		-Diminished Attributes (3 pt. per attribute Flaw, Scroll of Heroes pg. 66)
		-Oathbound (variable Flaw, Scroll of Heroes pg. 72)
			-Super appropriate, but maybe cheat-y.
	-Thaumaturgy? See pg. 138 of Core for rules.
		-Each degree is 10 XP or 5 bonus points, or 8 XP and 4 bonus if Occult is Favored.
		-Consumed Resource cost of rituals is 0 for 0, 0-1 for 1st degree, 2-3 for 2nd, and 4 to 5 for Master.
			-Also needs laboratory of cost Resources 1 for 0, 2 for 1st degree, 3 for 2nd, and 4 for Master.
		-Alchemy, Geomancy, Enchantment, and Warding all bear promise. Alchemy and Warding are 
		 probably the top candidates, for the wide array of useful stuff they provide.